# ma1805-portfolio

https://nameenbutt.github.io/ma1805-portfolio/

[01.Drawing](01.Drawing/index.html)
[02.Movement](02.Movement/index.html)
[03.Multiples](03.Multiples/index.html)
[04.Media](04.Media/index.html)

Drawing: I have done coding before but i will still say my skills are quite beginner as i do get confused with my coding quiet a lot. These mini projects was quiet a challenge to me, but i found a solution by watching videos, tutorials and looking at websites to help with my coding. with some of my coding, i did use the help of the VS.code coding that was written on the side. For this prompt, i created an emoji that has a silly face, and i did this by experimenting with my codes, some of them did not work and and my first intial draft did not show up so i did have to ask for a lot of help. I wanted a different look to my emoji but still i wanted that emoji element that you see on our phones. I did enjoy this prompt and i thought it was easier than the prompts. 

Movement: For this prompt, I found it challenging to come up with an idea of what to animate and i found it difficult for the codes to work as it would disappear on my screen or it won't move on my screen. Then, i decide i liked the idea of the use of circles from the first prompt so i decided on creating a digital garden, where the stem of the plants, the leaves and the circles around the plants are moving at a random position. I wanted this process to repeat wants the plants reached to maximum height so i used command codes like this.h for maximum height, this,growth/angle/color to show how much it grew and for the swaying. i also used commands to make sure VS.code does what i want it do and i did this by using //slowly grow to full height or something like //gentle side-to-side sway. in terms of difficulty, i think this was the most difficult prompt to create as it was 50-50 chance that it would work, as i had many failed attempts when creating my digital garden. Although , i did watch videos on how to use codes to help animate my coding, and this was helpful as i now had better understanding on how to do this prompt?

Multiples: For this prompt, I now had a better understanding in coding so i wanted to challenge myself by creating a colour grid that changes once the mouse presse on the grid. I found that this was the most fun prompt and that i mostly needed help in making sure the colour changes to different shades of each colour when the mouse is pressed. For example, on my live server, when i tested if my prompt worked i moved my mouse in circles and whatched how the first colours which were, pinks and purples, change into yellows and greens and then blues and other colours. I think i was most proud of this prompt as i didn't think i would be able to pull it off as good as the prompts. Lastly, i used less commands for this type of coding than the others as i didn't think it would require as much, the only ones that i did it for was for the mouse moving commands, and to do this i used RGB separately to create the colour change.
